the service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
i also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
very bad experience!	0
insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
i will not return.	0
i've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
everyone is treated equally special.	1
the waitresses are very friendly.	1
their chow mein is so good!	1
the buffet at bellagio was far from what i anticipated.	0
the service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
i had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
when my mom and i got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
i guess i should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the excalibur, but i didn't use my common sense.	0
we thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
this one is simply a disappointment.	0
this place is disgusting!	0
overall, i was very disappointed with the quality of food at bouchon.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides costco's.	0
i promise they won't disappoint.	1
not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
the vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic thai.	1
i won't be back.	0
i really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
we waited an hour for what was a breakfast i could have done 100 times better at home.	0
we won't be going back anytime soon!	0
i have been in more than a few bars in vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
it shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
they brought a fresh batch of fries and i was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
there is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
things that went wrong: - they burned the saganaki.	0
i will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
dont go here.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
i am far from a sushi connoisseur but i can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
much better than the other ayce sushi place i went to in vegas.	1
both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
i was seated immediately.	1
food was below average.	0
i will come back here every time i'm in vegas.	1
i hope this place sticks around.	1
he also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
the food is good.	1
i didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
the place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
we had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
you get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
(it wasn't busy either) also, the building was freezing cold.	0
and the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
lobster bisque, bussell sprouts, risotto, filet all needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
the food was terrible.	0
no, i'm going to eat the potato that i found some strangers hair in it.	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
today was my first taste of a buldogis gourmet hot dog and i have to tell you it was more than i ever thought possible.	1
the tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
this isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
i'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
overall i was not impressed and would not go back.	0
this place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
an hour... seriously?	0
i as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
wow very spicy but delicious.	1
conclusion: very filling meals.	1
nothing special.	0
the best place in vegas for breakfast (just check out a sat, or sun.	1
the poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
eclectic selection.	1
overall, i like there food and the service.	1
awesome service and food.	1
this place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
very friendly staff.	1
it was packed!!	0
every time i eat here, i see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
before i go in to why i gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at bachi burger before writing a review.	0
the only thing i wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as i don't like it purã©ed.	0
the chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
if someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
the bartender was also nice.	1
interesting decor.	1
i hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
wow... loved this place.	1
would come back again if i had a sushi craving while in vegas.	1
we were sat right on time and our server from the get go was fantastic!	1
the wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
i love this place.	1
after waiting an hour and being seated, i was not in the greatest of moods.	0
their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
it is worth the drive.	1
point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
we made the drive all the way from north scottsdale... and i was not one bit disappointed!	1
mediocre food.	0
they know how to make them here.	1
you cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
bad day or not, i have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
the seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
service was slow and not attentive.	0
the food, amazing.	1
my sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
worst martini ever!	0
my wife had the lobster bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
i have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
great pork sandwich.	1
it was so bad, i had lost the heart to finish it.	0
if you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
fantastic service here.	1
i can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
nice, spicy and tender.	1
anyways, the food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
i'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
the food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable and we got a great deal!	1
the chicken dishes are ok, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
i loved it!	1
i'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
the service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
it kept getting worse and worse so now i'm officially done.	0
i would avoid this place if you are staying in the mirage.	0
overpriced for what you are getting.	0
we asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
we will not be coming back.	0
the restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
i had a pretty satifying experience.	1
waaaaaayyyyyyyyyy over rated is all i am saying.	0
the service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
i would not recommend this place.	0
the portion was huge!	1
there is nothing authentic about this place.	0
this place has it!	1
despite how hard i rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
we also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
good value, great food, great service.	1
the ambiance was incredible.	1
their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
how awesome is that.	1
* both the hot & sour & the egg flower soups were absolutely 5 stars!	1
their frozen margaritas are way too sugary for my taste.	0
we enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
i swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
a greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
the only downside is the service.	0
perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
the servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor pizza hut coupons.	0
great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
the cashier had no care what so ever on what i had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
food was great and so was the serivce!	1
this place is like chipotle, but better.	1
to my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods i have ever tasted.	0
never going back.	0
after one bite, i was hooked.	1
very disappointing!!!	0
this place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
not good for the money.	0
it was equally awful.	0
it was a drive to get there.	0
the service was a bit lacking.	0
i could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
never again will i be dining at this place!	0
we could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
i miss it and wish they had one in philadelphia!	1
kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
i love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
the only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
i don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
the fries were great too.	1
it sure does beat the nachos at the movies but i would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
(the bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
some may say this buffet is pricey but i think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
he deserves 5 stars.	1
they also now serve indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
this place receives stars for their appetizers!!!	1
everything was good and tasty!	1
first time going but i think i will quickly become a regular.	1
i love their fries and their beans.	1
also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries i've ever had.	0
my first visit to hiro was a delight!	1
this wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
the cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
rude & inconsiderate management.	0
based on the sub-par service i received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business i won't be going back.	0
anyway, i do not think i will go back there.	0
must have been an off night at this place.	0
what did bother me, was the slow service.	0
good prices.	1
the food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
my girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
all in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
we waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
the vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
the selection was probably the worst i've seen in vegas.....there was none.	0
i ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
when my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
i'd say that would be the hardest decision... honestly, all of m's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
this place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
i was very disappointed!!	0
the jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
reasonably priced also!	1
i loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (baseball steak!!!!!	1
i was so insulted.	0
the sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as i have had.	1
the sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
the price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
best breakfast buffet!!!	1
maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
this is a really fantastic thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
the ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
best tacos in town by far!!	1
worst food/service i've had in a while.	0
this place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is overpriced!	0
tonight i had the elk filet special...and it sucked.	0
i love the owner/chef, his one authentic japanese cool dude!	1
we'll never go again.	0
so in a nutshell: 1) the restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
waited and waited and waited.	0
they have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything i've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
the cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
the deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
the pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
waitress was a little slow in service.	0
the menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
i personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and baba ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
we were promptly greeted and seated.	1
the selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
the restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
if you are reading this please don't go there.	0
i have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
avoid this establishment!	0
when i opened the sandwich, i was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
this is a great restaurant at the mandalay bay.	1
the service was poor and thats being nice.	0
the seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
google mediocre and i imagine smashburger will pop up.	0
of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
great time - family dinner on a sunday night.	1
the staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
the kids play area is nasty!	0
delicious!!	1
this is a disgrace.	0
these are the nicest restaurant owners i've ever come across.	1
spend your money and time some place else.	0
now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
the food was excellent and service was very good.	1
we ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
this place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
the service here is fair at best.	0
plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
i will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
i mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
what a mistake.	0
the block was amazing.	1
the food was very good.	1
not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
one nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
but i definitely would not eat here again.	0
i waited and waited.	0
best service and food ever, maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
the food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
the feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
avoid at all cost!	0
he was terrible!	0
the only thing i did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
i consider this theft.	0
i seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
we watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
service stinks here!	0
service is friendly and inviting.	1
very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
i found this place by accident and i could not be happier.	1
great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the san francisco bay area.	1
i'm probably one of the few people to ever go to ians and not like it.	0
the croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
this really is how vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
my drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was stale.	0
this place is a jewel in las vegas, and exactly what i've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
these were so good we ordered them twice.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.i watched staff prepare food with bare hands, no gloves.everything is deep fried in oil.	0
i asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored i went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
awful service.	0
terrible management.	0
i started this review with two stars, but i'm editing it to give it only one.	0
and the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
they could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
the fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
they have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
sadly, gordon ramsey's steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to vegas.	0
i'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
the waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
the selection of food was not the best.	0
the problem i have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
the staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
i won't be back.	0
i love this place.	1
this is an outstanding little restaurant with some of the best food i have ever tasted.	1
this place deserves no stars.	0
probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
but the service was beyond bad.	0
after two i felt disgusting.	0
i know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
but now i was completely grossed out.	0
this place is good.	1
the atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
the sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
i ordered the lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
i vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
one of the few places in phoenix that i would definately go back to again .	1
so flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
a great touch.	1
very, very sad.	0
i probably would not go here again.	0
this place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the phoenix metro area.	1
we walked away stuffed and happy about our first vegas buffet experience.	1
the staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... mmmm...!	1
very very disappointed ordered the $35 big bay plater.	0
the han nan chicken was also very tasty.	1
we literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
service was good and the company was better!	1
dessert: panna cotta was amazing.	1
service is also cute.	1
have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
my breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
all the bread is made in-house!	1
my side greek salad with the greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
the bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
this place is not worth your time, let alone vegas.	0
this is an unbelievable bargain!	1
the food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
over rated.	0
ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) yeah, still sucks.	0
i'll definitely be in soon again.	1
ryan's bar is definitely one edinburgh establishment i won't be revisiting.	0
good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
by this point, my friends and i had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
the greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
the wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
weird vibe from owners.	0
the refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
on the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
we had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
bacon is hella salty.	1
omg, the food was delicioso!	1
went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
the black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... unreal!	1
i'd love to go back.	1
everything was gross.	0
it lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
the service was extremely slow.	0
if you're not familiar, check it out.	1
the ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
i got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
my boyfriend and i came here for the first time on a recent trip to vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
food was delicious!	1
don't waste your time here.	0
there is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
all in all, ha long bay was a bit of a flop.	0
special thanks to dylan t. for the recommendation on what to order :) all yummy for my tummy.	1
hawaiian breeze, mango magic, and pineapple delight are the smoothies that i've tried so far and they're all good.	1
a lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar in her salad.	0
paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
when i'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot i'll hit up again!	1
what a mistake that was!	0
they will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is eggplant with green bean stir fry, love it!	1
i could care less... the interior is just beautiful.	1
the bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
it was not good.	0
great food.	1
by this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
when i received my pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
it was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
the burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
i guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
i can't wait to go back.	1
the folks at otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
the dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
check it out.	1
i paid the bill but did not tip because i felt the server did a terrible job.	0
the nachos are a must have!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
the turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
the grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
and then tragedy struck.	0
if that bug never showed up i would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
i loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit italian pizza.	1
total brunch fail.	0
if you want a sandwich just go to any firehouse!!!!!	1
our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
poor service, the waiter made me feel like i was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
i think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
damn good steak.	1
the inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
i can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
i gave it 5 stars then, and i'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
i don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time i'm in vegas.	1
i was mortified.	0
frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
- really, really good rice, all the time.	1
would not recommend to others.	0
food was so gooodd.	1
food quality has been horrible.	0
the one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
your servers suck, wait, correction, our server heimer sucked.	0
if there were zero stars i would give it zero stars.	0
nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
my husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
hands down my favorite italian restaurant!	1
on three different occasions i asked for well done or medium well, and all three times i got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
this was my first time and i can't wait until the next.	1
i will be back many times soon.	1
a good time!	1
they have great dinners.	1
i've never been treated so bad.	0
i immediately said i wanted to talk to the manager but i did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
i can't tell you how disappointed i was.	0
cant say enough good things about this place.	1
give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
my boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
this hole in the wall has great mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
we started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
it was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
we've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
i like steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
that's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
the food was very good and i enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
love this place, hits the spot when i want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
at first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
sauce was tasteless.	0
i wouldn't return.	0
we ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
the sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
they dropped more than the ball.	0
this is my new fav vegas buffet spot.	1
would not go back.	0
not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
the chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
it also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
it was delicious!!!	1
the steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at gc.	1
a great way to finish a great.	1
don't bother coming here.	0
i *heart* this place.	1
it was a pale color instead of nice and char and has no flavor.	0
the ambiance isn't much better.	0
ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
i love the decor with the chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
!....the owners really really need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
my brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
as for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
too bad cause i know it's family owned, i really wanted to like this place.	0
i never come again.	0
after i pulled up my car i waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
i've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time i've stepped foot into this place.	0
-drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
the manager was the worst.	0
service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
it is perfect for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
it's not hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
this place lacked style!!	0
we definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
no one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
on a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
we loved the biscuits!!!	1
i wasn't really impressed with strip steak.	0
i have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would i ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
there is so much good food in vegas that i feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to rice and company.	0
the burger... i got the "gold standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
this is the place where i first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
overall, a great experience.	1
everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
the jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
delicious and i will absolutely be back!	1
worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..bunch of horrible name callings.	0
service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is vegas and located inside the crystals shopping mall by aria.	1
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
the servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "are you being helped?"	0
very convenient, since we were staying at the mgm!	1
i had the chicken pho and it tasted very bland.	0
only pros : large seating area/ nice bar area/ great simple drink menu/ the best brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
def coming back to bowl next time	1
did not like at all.	0
everything was fresh and delicious!	1
i find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
he was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants i would love to dine at during a weekend in vegas.	0
go to place for gyros.	1
very very fun chef.	1
they had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and i liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
the roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
and the drinks are weak, people!	0
i don't know what the big deal is about this place, but i won't be back "ya'all".	0
what a great double cheeseburger!	1
it's worth driving up from tucson!	1
there is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
i had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
very good, though!	1
this is a great place to eat!	1
prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
the chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
an extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
and service was super friendly.	1
the worst experience ever.	0
i had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope i could have dreamed of.	1
i was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
so they performed.	1
the fried rice was dry as well.	0
del taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
i recently tried caballero's and i have been back every week since!	1
it was probably dirt.	0
will not be back.	0
service is quick and friendly.	1
try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
the crãªpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
pricing is a bit of a concern at mellow mushroom.	0
no complaints!	1
you won't be disappointed.	1
owner's are really great people.!	1
the management is rude.	0
i would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
the staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
the owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
do not waste your money here!	0
i really enjoyed eating here.	1
i love the pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
i don't have to be an accountant to know i'm getting screwed!	0
the first time i ever came here i had an amazing experience, i still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
definitely not worth the $3 i paid.	0
this place should honestly be blown up.	0
the descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well none of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
an absolute must visit!	1
the ri style calamari was a joke.	0
we won't be going back.	0
the pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
i want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
i can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
definitely a turn off for me & i doubt i'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
we waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
my gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
the lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
the burrittos blah!	0
thoroughly disappointed!	0
2 thumbs up!!	1
from what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
nicest chinese restaurant i've been in a while.	1
they were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
a fly was in my apple juice.. a fly!!!!!!!!	0
i went to bachi burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
the classic maine lobster roll was fantastic.	1
waitress was good though!	1
overall i wasn't very impressed with noca.	0
i've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
a couple of months later, i returned and had an amazing meal.	1
great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
penne vodka excellent!	1
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
the scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
if you love authentic mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
the staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
however, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
the shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
the waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
the chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
the food was terrible.	0
for service, i give them no stars.	0
the food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
as much as i'd like to go back, i can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
the whole experience was underwhelming, and i think we'll just go to ninja sushi next time.	0
the food came out at a good pace.	1
i don't think i'll be running back to carly's anytime soon for food.	0
horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
i got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
will not be back!	0
and the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
very poor service.	0
worst thai ever.	0
i kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
we are so glad we found this place.	1
i really enjoyed crema cafã© before they expanded; i even told friends they had the best breakfast.	1
it was pretty gross!	0
omg i felt like i had never eaten thai food until this dish.	1
i have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
they have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
the pizza selections are good.	1
the sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
the chicken i got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
i'm not really sure how joey's was voted best hot dog in the valley by readers of phoenix magazine.	0
we've tried to like this place but after 10+ times i think we're done with them.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
appetite instantly gone.	0
food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
highly recommended.	1
i took back my money and got outta there.	0
best tater tots in the southwest.	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
main thing i didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
for that price i can think of a few place i would have much rather gone.	0
my fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
that just screams "legit" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in vegas.	1
i hate to disagree with my fellow yelpers, but my husband and i were so disappointed with this place.	0
we got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
it was absolutely amazing.	1
our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
will be back again!	1
also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
we won't be returning.	0
the server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... i would not suggest this place!	0
awesome selection of beer.	1
won't ever go here again.	0
nargile - i think you are great.	1
just spicy enough.. perfect actually.	1
after 20 minutes wait, i got a table.	0
once your food arrives it's meh.	0
the atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
just don't know why they were so slow.	0
real sushi lovers, let's be honest - yama is not that good.	0
the chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat i have ever eaten.	0
i liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
at least think to refill my water before i struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
i always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
how can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, i don't understand!	0
good service-check!	1
so good i am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
the building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but i wouldn't eat here again.	0
as for the service, i thought it was good.	1
delicious nyc bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real lox with capers even.	1
this was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
unfortunately, it was not good.	0
the desserts were a bit strange.	0
best fish i've ever had in my life!	1
perhaps i caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but i'm not inspired to go back.	0
the food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
this place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
ample portions and good prices.	1
favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
the ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
the service was meh.	0
server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
i ordered the voodoo pasta and it was the first time i'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this is a good joint.	1
for sushi on the strip, this is the place to go.	1
it's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
the meat was pretty dry, i had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
food was average at best.	0
i love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
this is some seriously good pizza and i'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
i think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
this greedy corporation will never see another dime from me!	0
if you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
sorry, i will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
2 times - very bad customer service !	0
love the margaritas, too!	1
they have a really nice atmosphere.	1
i got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
im in az all the time and now have my new spot.	1
waitress was sweet and funny.	1
the buffet is small and all the food they offered was bland.	0
always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
you can't beat that.	1
i have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
service was fantastic.	1
the real disappointment was our waiter.	0
great food and awesome service!	1
